This License Agreement ("AGREEMENT") is a legal agreement
between you ("LICENSEE"), either an individual or a legal
entity including any legal successors, and MG-SOFT
Corporation ("MG-SOFT") for the software in this package
and associated media (the "LICENSED SOFTWARE").

For purposes of this AGREEMENT term "opening of package"
means any of the following: opening actual box containing
medium or media containing the software, copying
installation files from a server or other source or any
other action the result of which is installation of a
software owned and/or copyrighted by MG-SOFT on a computer.

By opening of package containing the LICENSED SOFTWARE,
you agree to be bound by the terms of this AGREEMENT,
notwithstanding any other terms set forth in any purchase
order or other document.

This AGREEMENT constitutes entire agreement between you and
MG-SOFT.

1. COPYRIGHT INFORMATION

The LICENSED SOFTWARE is owned and Copyright-ed by MG-SOFT.
LICENSED SOFTWARE is protected by applicable copyright laws,
author's laws and international treaties.

You are eligible to install at most one copy of the LICENSED
SOFTWARE per owned license on at most one computer.
Therefore, you must treat the LICENSED SOFTWARE (including
any accompanying documentation) like any other copyright
material (i.e., a book or musical recording), except that
you may make one copy of the LICENSED SOFTWARE solely for
the backup or archival purposes and not for any other
purposes such us distribution to any third party.

Any unauthorized distribution of the LICENSED SOFTWARE
(licensed or evaluation), whole or a part, with or without
license.key, without prior written consent from MG-SOFT, is
strictly prohibited and will subject the distributing and/or
infringing party to civil and/or criminal penalties. As a
part of the terms of this AGREEMENT, you agree to promptly
notify MG-SOFT of any violations of this paragraph or any
other paragraph of this AGREEMENT, or any other infringement
or breach of this AGREEMENT, by you or any third party.

Without signing an appropriate license agreement with
MG-SOFT, the LICENSEE is not permitted to bundle the
LICENSED SOFTWARE (whole or a part, with or without
license.key file) with LICENSEE's products and ship them
to LICENSEE's customers or end-users.

MG-SOFT is a registered trademark of MG-Soft d.o.o.,
Maribor, Slovenia. No right to this trademark or trade
name is granted by reason of the license expressed
herein.

2. TERM AND LICENSE TYPES

This license is effective upon your opening of package which
shall be deemed acceptance of this AGREEMENT, whether or not
you actually install or operate the LICENSED SOFTWARE.

Each installed copy of MG-SOFT's software product must be
covered by an appropriate software license.

MG-SOFT offers End-user software licenses, Developer's
licenses, Redistributable run-time licenses, and OEM
licenses. Besides, evaluation licenses are available for
30-day trials. You may only use evaluation license once
per each type of license and per each software installed.
Second term of evaluation license, whether or not enabled
by computer or software, is considered infringing use.

2.A END-USER SOFTWARE LICENSES

You have agreed to purchase SINGLE USER LICENSE. With the
SINGLE USER LICENSE, the LICENSEE can install at most one
copy of the LICENSED SOFTWARE to at most one computer. To
install the software on more computers, the LICENSEE must
obtain adequate number of additional SINGLE USER LICENSEs
for the desired number of computers.

MG-SOFT agrees to issue a unique license.key file for each
purchased software license to LICENSEE. After application of
said license.key, the licensed software product displays
'Single user license' and its unique serial number in the
About window. Each license entitles the user to install and
use the licensed software on only one computer, i.e., each
license.key file can be applied to at most one copy of the
installed software. Use of license.key on more than one copy
constitutes infringement.

This LICENSEE specifically agrees that no bundling of any
MG-SOFT's products and license.key is permitted per this
AGREEMENT unless specifically permitted by MG-SOFT.

2.B LICENSE RENEWALS AND MIGRATIONS

If you hold the license for MG-SOFT software which has been
updated you have an option to renew your license so that you
will be able to use the most recent release of the licensed
software.

If you would like to use a different edition of the licensed
software you have an option to migrate your license to a
license that will support the desired edition of the
software product.

Renewed or migrated license does not give you an additional
license. Instead, it only replaces your current license with
a new license. After renewing or migrating a license, your
old license is legally revoked and must not be used anymore.

2.C 30-DAY EVALUATION LICENSES

With the 30-DAY EVALUATION LICENSE, the AGREEMENT is
terminated in 30 days. After the termination, the LICENSEE
must purchase license for the LICENSED SOFTWARE, or
uninstall and destroy all copies of the LICENSED SOFTWARE.

A LICENSEE is not permitted to use the LICENSED SOFTWARE
running in the evaluation mode for any kind of commercial
purposes such as testing of other software or equipment that
the user is developing, SNMP debugging, problem solving,
stress testing, providing support, training or similar
purposes.

The purpose of EVALUATION LICENSE is for a user to determine
suitability of the evaluated software product, its available
functions, performance capabilities and similar features.

Please be aware that by using EVALUATION LICENSE you agree
that LICENSED SOFTWARE running in the evaluation mode
without a valid license.key file may, at its startup or at
any point thereafter, send a SNMP trap notification to
MG-SOFT's server.

3. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

This is an AGREEMENT between software professionals or
merchants. MG-SOFT offers no warranty for the fitness of the
LICENSED SOFTWARE for any particular task, nor will MG-SOFT
be liable for any loss of profits, loss of data, or any
incidental or consequential damage caused by the use or
misuse of the LICENSED SOFTWARE. MG-SOFT further disclaims
all such consequential liability. If the software media is
defective, it should be returned to MG-SOFT for repair or
replacement within 10 days of receipt, postage prepaid,
otherwise MG-SOFT offers no customer remedy with regard to
the LICENSED SOFTWARE.

MG-SOFT OFFERS NO WARRANTY OF PERFORMANCE, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, WITH REGARD TO THE LICENSED SOFTWARE. MG-SOFT
FURTHER DISCLAIMS ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, WITH
REGARD TO THE LICENSED SOFTWARE.

YOU MAY HAVE OTHER RIGHTS UNDER APPLICABLE LAWS OF YOUR
COUNTRY OR STATE. WHERE SUCH MANDATORY RULES APPLY, THIS
AGREEMENT IS DEEMED TO BE CONFORMED ONLY TO THE EXTENT OF
SUCH MANDATORY RULES. ALL OTHER PROVISIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT
SHALL REMAIN IN FULL FORCE AND EFFECT TO ACCOMPLISH THE
PURPOSES SET FORTH HEREIN.

4. UPDATES AND TECHNICAL SUPPORT

MG-SOFT will make Technical Support available to registered
LICENSEES of the LICENSED SOFTWARE.

MG-SOFT may, from time to time, revise or update the
LICENSED SOFTWARE. In doing so, MG-SOFT will make available
such revisions or updates to you only by means of electronic
delivery only within one year from the date of the purchase.
Any such revision or update shall equally be deemed subject
to the terms of this license and shall not in anyway be
deemed an extension or modification of it, and shall not be
deemed consent to any varying terms.

5. OTHER RESTRICTIONS

The LICENSEE may not remove any copyright marks, reverse
engineer, decompile or disassemble the LICENSED SOFTWARE for
any purpose whatsoever, nor may seek to imitate the "look
and feel" of the LICENSED SOFTWARE, or incorporate any or
all of its copyrighted elements for any purpose whatsoever.

6. GENERAL

Except if otherwise specifically agreed to in writing by
MG-SOFT, this License is personal between the LICENSEE and
MG-SOFT. It is not transferable, and any attempt by you to
rent, lease, sublicense, assign or transfer any of the
rights, duties or obligations hereunder is void. Any party
who obtains a copy of this License, whether or not
authorized ("transferee") from a LICENSEE ("transferor")
shall equally be bound by the terms of this License.
MG-SOFT, however, waives no rights it may have against
such transferor or transferee.

This AGREEMENT and the conduct of the parties hereto shall
be governed by the laws of the Republic of Slovenia. By
opening this package you consent to the jurisdiction of the
courts of the Republic of Slovenia for final, binding
resolution of any dispute arising from this AGREEMENT, or
any action by you, in contract, or otherwise, in violation
of the rights and obligations set forth herein. Any judgment
of such court shall be entitled to be enforced in any court
of appropriate jurisdiction.

Notwithstanding the above disclaimers, in the event that any
third party makes a well-founded claim that this program
violates any patent or copyright, MG-SOFT, at its option,
request the return of LICENSED SOFTWARE for modification
and/or replacement. If none of these alternatives is
reasonably available, you agree to return the program to
MG-SOFT for a refund or credit, at MG-SOFT's own discretion.

You agree to pay any taxes or duties by reason of your
purchase or use of this software that may arise in the
jurisdiction(s) in which it is used.


YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ THIS AGREEMENT,
UNDERSTAND IT AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY ITS TERMS AND
CONDITIONS. YOU FURTHER AGREE THAT IT IS THE COMPLETE AND
EXCLUSIVE STATEMENT OF THE AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU AND
MG-SOFT, WHICH SUPERSEDES ANY PROPOSAL OR PRIOR AGREEMENT,
ORAL OR WRITTEN, AND ANY OTHER COMMUNICATIONS BETWEEN YOU
AND  MG-SOFT RELATED TO THE LICENSED SOFTWARE. THIS
AGREEMENT IS WRITTEN IN THE ENGLISH LANGUAGE ONLY. YOU
CONSENT TO SUCH EXCLUSIVE USE OF THE ENGLISH LANGUAGE.

NO PARTY MAY BRING A LEGAL ACTION UNDER THIS AGREEMENT MORE
THAN TWO YEARS AFTER THE CAUSE OF ACTION AROSE.

You agree to comply with any applicable export control laws
or restrictions.

You may terminate this AGREEMENT at any time by uninstalling
and destroying all copies of the LICENSED SOFTWARE in your
possession. If you do so, all your rights to the license
software will also terminate. MG-SOFT may also terminate
this AGREEMENT if you fail to comply with all terms of this
AGREEMENT. If MG-SOFT terminates this AGREEMENT, all your
licensed rights are terminated, and you must uninstall and
destroy all copies of the LICENSED SOFTWARE in your
possession.

